Confirmed diagnosis of metastatic (Stage IV) or locally advanced, unresectable (Stage III) NSCLC of nonsquamous pathology that has relapsed or progressed (inclusion--- t) | 
Measurable disease as defined by RECIST v1.1 criteria (inclusion--- t) | 
PD-L1 expression status available at or after the time of diagnosis of advanced or metastatic NSCLC disease (inclusion--- t) | 
Can provide existing biopsy taken within 2 years prior to entering trial or provide fresh biopsy (inclusion--- t) | 
Have relapsed or progressed after prior anti- PD-(L)1 therapy as follows:
At least 12 weeks of treatment with only 1 line of anti-PD-(L)1 therapy (mono or combo) in the metastatic setting, without concomitant chemotherapy OR
At least 12 weeks of single-agent durvalumab (inclusion--- t) | 
Adequate organ function (inclusion--- t) | 
ECOG performance status of 0 to 1. (inclusion--- t) | 
Symptomatic and/or untreated central nervous system (CNS) metastases or leptomeningeal disease. (inclusion--- f) | 
Presence of active second malignancy (inclusion--- f) | 
EGFR or ALK mutation. Participants with presence of other driver mutations are allowed if targeted therapy is not available as per local standard of care. (inclusion--- f) | 
Preexisting gastrointestinal disorders/conditions that may interfere with ingestion or absorption of oral medications. (inclusion--- f) | 
History of or active (non-infectious) pneumonitis/ interstitial disease or lung fibrosis, except for Grade 1 pneumonitis from prior chemoradiation therapy (Stage III patients). (inclusion--- f) | 
History of or active autoimmune disease requiring systemic treatment in the last 6 months or persistent immune-mediated toxicity caused by checkpoint inhibitor therapy > Grade 2 (inclusion--- f) | 
Known active or chronic hepatitis B or C infection unless adequately treated for at least 4 weeks with no detectable viral load; known infection with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) unless receiving antiretroviral therapy with well-controlled disease. (inclusion--- f) | 
History of life-threatening toxicity related to prior immune therapy or any toxicity resulting in permanent discontinuation from prior therapy. (inclusion--- f) | 
Diagnosis of immunodeficiency or any condition requiring concurrent use of systemic immunosuppressants or corticosteroids. (inclusion--- f) | 
Active infection requiring systemic therapy ≤ 7 days prior to first dose of study treatment. (inclusion--- f) | 
Any other oncologic treatments administered ≤14 days (<28 days in case of checkpoint inhibitor therapy) prior to first dose of study treatment. Also, ongoing adverse effects from such treatment > Grade 1 with the exception for alopecia and Grade 2 peripheral neuropathy. (inclusion--- f) | 
Non-study related minor surgical procedure ≤7 days, or major surgical procedure of ≤ 5 weeks prior to first dose of study treatment. (inclusion--- f) | 
Uncontrolled or significant cardiovascular disease (inclusion--- f) | 
History of allergy or hypersensitivity to any of the study treatments. (inclusion--- f) | 
Treatment with a live or live attenuated vaccine. (inclusion--- f) | 
Treatment with moderate or strong inducers or inhibitor of CYP 3A4, inhibitors of P-glycoprotein, or substrates of breast cancer resistance protein (inclusion--- f) | 
Pregnant or breast-feeding (inclusion--- f) | 
Male and Female participants: Lack of agreement to use highly effective method of contraception during treatment and for 6 months after the last administration of chemotherapy (inclusion--- f)